cipher: edit page (#9312)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/windows/cipher.md

# cipher

> > Encrypt, decrypt files on NTFS drives, or show their encryption information.

Reviewer: Not sure about this
```suggestion
> Encrypt or decrypt files on NTFS volumes, or show their encryption information.
```

Reviewer: Or based on the man page
```suggestion
> Displays or alters the encryption of directories and files on NTFS volumes.
```

Author: The second one is a good general description, i guess.
Thanks for your suggestion!

> > Encrypt or decrypt files on NTFS drives or show their encryption information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Encrypt, decrypt files on NTFS drives, or show their encryption information.
```

> More information: <https://learn.microsoft.com/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/cipher>.

> - Display information about the encrypted file or directory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display information about a specific encrypted file or directory:
```
